Polycarp, and the presbyters that are with him, to the Church of God sojourning at Philippi: Mercy to you, and peace from God Almighty, and from the Lord Jesus Christ, our Savior, be multiplied.

I have greatly rejoiced with you in our Lord Jesus Christ, because ye have followed the example of true love, and have accompanied, as became you, those who were bound in chains, the fitting ornaments of saints, and which are indeed the diadems of the true elect of God and our Lord;
and because the strong root of your faith, spoken of in days long gone by, endures even until now, and brings forth fruit to our Lord Jesus Christ, who for our sins suffered even unto death, whom God raised from the dead, having loosed the bands of the grave.
In whom, though now ye see Him not, ye believe, and believing, rejoice with joy unspeakable and full of glory; into which joy many desire to enter, knowing that by grace ye are saved, not of works, but by the will of God through Jesus Christ.

Wherefore, girding up your loins, serve the Lord in fear and truth, as those who have forsaken the vain, empty talk and error of the multitude, and believed in Him who raised up our Lord Jesus Christ from the dead, and gave Him glory, and a throne at His right hand.
Him every spirit serves. He comes as the Judge of the living and the dead. His blood will God require of those who do not believe in Him.

But He who raised Him up from the dead will raise up us also, if we do His will, and walk in His commandments, and love what He loved, keeping ourselves from all unrighteousness, covetousness, love of money, evil speaking, false witness;
not rendering evil for evil, or railing for railing, or blow for blow, or cursing for cursing

but being mindful of what the Lord said in His teaching:
Judge not, that ye be not judged;
with what measure ye measure out, it shall be measured to you again;
and once more, Blessed are the poor, and those that are persecuted for righteousness' sake, for theirs is the kingdom of God.

These things, brethren, I write to you concerning righteousness, not because I take anything upon myself, but because ye have invited me to do so.

For neither I, nor any other such one, can come up to the wisdom of the blessed and glorified Paul.
He, when among you, accurately and steadfastly taught the word of truth in the presence of those who were then alive. And when absent from you, he wrote you letters, which, if you carefully study, you will find to be the means of building you up in that faith

Knowing, therefore, that as we brought nothing into the world, so we can carry nothing out, let us arm ourselves with the armor of righteousness;
and let us teach, first of all, ourselves to walk in the commandments of the Lord.

Tell your wives to walk in the faith given to them
and in love and purity tenderly loving their own husbands in all truth, and loving all others equally in all chastity;
and to train up their children in the knowledge and fear of God.

Teach the widows to be discreet as respects the faith of the Lord, praying continually for all, being far from all slandering, evil-speaking, false-witnessing, love of money, and every kind of evil;
knowing that they are the altars of God, that He clearly perceives all things, and that nothing is hidden from Him, neither reasonings, nor reflections, nor any one of the secret things of the heart.

Knowing, then, that God is not mocked, we ought to walk worthy of His commandment and glory.

In like manner should the deacons be blameless before the face of His righteousness, as being the servants of God and Christ, and not of men.
They must not be slanderers, two-faced, or lovers of money, but temperate in all things, compassionate, industrious, walking according to the truth of the Lord, who was the servant of all.
If we please Him in this present world, we shall receive also the future world, according as He has promised to us that He will raise us again from the dead, and that if we live worthily of Him, we shall also reign together with Him, provided only we believe.

In like manner, let the young men also be blameless in all things, being especially careful to preserve purity, and keeping themselves, as with a bridle, from the lusts in the world.
Because every lust warreth against the spirit;
and neither fornicators, nor effeminate, nor abusers of themselves with mankind, shall inherit the kingdom of God, nor those who do things inconsistent and unbecoming.
Wherefore, it is needful to abstain from all these things, being subject to the presbyters and deacons, as unto God and Christ. The virgins also must walk in a blameless and pure conscience.

And let the presbyters be compassionate and merciful to all, bringing back those that wander, visiting all the sick, and not neglecting the widow, the orphan, or the poor,
but always providing for that which is becoming in the sight of God and man;
abstaining from all wrath, respect of persons, and unjust judgment; keeping far off from all covetousness, not quickly crediting against any one, not severe in judgment, as knowing that we are all under a debt of sin.

If then we entreat the Lord to forgive us, we ought also ourselves to forgive;
for we are before the eyes of our Lord and God, and we must all appear at the judgment-seat of Christ, and everyone must give an account of himself.

Let us then serve Him in fear, and with all reverence, even as He Himself has commanded us, and as the apostles who preached the Gospel unto us, and the prophets who proclaimed beforehand the coming of our Lord.
Let us be zealous in the pursuit of that which is good, keeping ourselves from causes of offence, from false brethren, and from those who in hypocrisy bear the name of the Lord, and draw away vain men into error.

For whoever does not confess that Jesus Christ has come in the flesh, is antichrist;
and whoever does not confess the testimony of the cross, is of the devil;
and whoever perverts the oracles of the Lord to his own lusts, and says that there is neither a resurrection nor a judgment, he is the first-born of Satan.

Wherefore, forsaking the vanity of many, and their false doctrines, let us return to the word which has been handed down to us from the beginning;
watching unto prayer, and persevering in fasting; beseeching in our supplications the all-seeing God to not lead us into temptation.
As the Lord has said: The spirit truly is willing, but the flesh is weak.

Let us then continually persevere in our hope, and the earnest of our righteousness, which is Jesus Christ, who bore our sins in His own body on the tree, who did no sin, neither was guile found in His mouth, but endured all things for us, that we might live in Him.
Let us then be imitators of His patience; and if we suffer for His name's sake, let us glorify Him. For He has set us this example in Himself, and we have believed that such is the case.

I exhort you all, therefore, to yield obedience to the word of righteousness, and to exercise all patience, such as ye have seen before your eyes,
not only in the case of the blessed Ignatius, and Zosimus, and Rufus,
but also in others among yourselves, and in Paul himself, and the rest of the apostles.

This do in the assurance that all these have not run in vain, but in faith and righteousness, and that they are in their due place in the presence of the Lord, with whom also they suffered.
For they loved not this present world, but Him who died for us, and for our sakes was raised again by God from the dead.

Both you and Ignatius wrote to me, that if any one went into Syria, he should carry your letter with him; which request I will attend to if I find a fitting opportunity, either personally, or through some other acting for me, that your desire may be fulfilled.

The Epistles of Ignatius written by him to us, and all the rest which we have by us, we have sent to you, as you requested.
They are subjoined to this Epistle, and by them ye may be greatly profited;
for they treat of faith and patience, and all things that tend to edification in our Lord.
